docs: PCP-3426 (#3791)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------- |

> | The AWS CSI pack has a [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) (PDB) that allows a maximum unavailable pod count of one. This behavior causes an issue for single-node clusters and clusters with a single control plane node and a single worker node where the control plane lacks worker capability. [Operating System (OS) patch](../clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md) updates may attempt to evict the CSI controller without success, resulting in the node remaining in the un-schedulable state. | If OS patching is enabled, allow the control plane nodes to have worker capability. For single-node clusters, turn off the OS patching feature.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | September 4, 2024 | Cluster, Packs               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The AWS CSI pack has a [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) (PDB) that allows for a maximum of one unavailable pod. This behavior causes an issue for single-node clusters as well as clusters with a single control plane node and a single worker node where the control plane lacks worker capability. [Operating System (OS) patch](../clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md) updates may attempt to evict the CSI controller without success, resulting in the node remaining in the un-schedulable state. | If OS patching is enabled, allow the control plane nodes to have worker capability. For single-node clusters, turn off the OS patching feature.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | September 4, 2024 | Cluster, Packs               |
```
maybe? :)
